The "Range" header field on a GET request modifies the method
semantics to request transfer of only one or more subranges of the
selected representation data, rather than the entire selected
representation data.

  Range = byte-ranges-specifier / other-ranges-specifier
  other-ranges-specifier = other-range-unit "=" other-range-set
  other-range-set = 1*VCHAR

A server MAY ignore the Range header field.  However, origin servers
and intermediate caches ought to support byte ranges when possible,
since Range supports efficient recovery from partially failed
transfers and partial retrieval of large representations.  A server
MUST ignore a Range header field received with a request method other
than GET.

An origin server MUST ignore a Range header field that contains a
range unit it does not understand.  A proxy MAY discard a Range
header field that contains a range unit it does not understand.

A server that supports range requests MAY ignore or reject a Range
header field that consists of more than two overlapping ranges, or a
set of many small ranges that are not listed in ascending order,
since both are indications of either a broken client or a deliberate
denial-of-service attack (Section 6.1).  A client SHOULD NOT request
multiple ranges that are inherently less efficient to process and
transfer than a single range that encompasses the same data.

A client that is requesting multiple ranges SHOULD list those ranges
in ascending order (the order in which they would typically be
received in a complete representation) unless there is a specific
need to request a later part earlier.  For example, a user agent
processing a large representation with an internal catalog of parts
might need to request later parts first, particularly if the
representation consists of pages stored in reverse order and the user
agent wishes to transfer one page at a time.

The Range header field is evaluated after evaluating the precondition
header fields defined in [RFC7232], and only if the result in absence
of the Range header field would be a 200 (OK) response.  In other
words, Range is ignored when a conditional GET would result in a 304
(Not Modified) response.
